Add Admission Webhook Document (#17)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/advanced-tasks/adding-an-admission-webhook.md

### Creating an Admission Webhook

OLM is capable of managing the lifecycle of [validating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionwebhook) and [mutating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) admission webhooks that are shipped alongside your operator. When developing an [admission webhook](/docs/reference/admission-webhooks) that will be managed by OLM you should consider the following constraints.

#### Certificate Authority Constraints

OLM is currently configured to provide each deployment with a single Certificate Authority (CA). The logic that generates and mounts the CA into the deployment was originally used by the [API Service](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/setup-extension-api-server/) lifecycle logic. As a result:

- The tls Cert file will be mounted to the deployment at `/apiserver.local.config/certificates/apiserver.crt`
- The tls Key file will be mounted to the deployment at `/apiserver.local.config/certificates/apiserver.key`

#### Admission Webhook Rules Constraints

> Additionally, in an attempt to prevent operator from configuring the cluster into an unrecoverable state, OLM does not allow the Rules defined in the WebhookDescription to:

Reviewer: Devil's Advocate: I don't know what `WebhookDescription` is at this point.

Reviewer: Also, I think we want a little more detail on what we mean by "does not allow". Does the CSV get rejected on create/update? is there a failed status? etc?

Author: That's fair, will update the doc!

- Intercept requests that target all groups
- Intercept requests that target the `operators.coreos.com` group
- Intercept requests that target the `ValidatingWebhookConfigurations` or `MutatingWebhookConfigurations` resources

> ### Defining a Webhook in a CSV

Reviewer: This section is general and gets to the point. I think this doc will read better if this section is merged with the first section. Maybe something like:

"
OLM is capable of managing the lifecycle of [validating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionwebhook) and [mutating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) admission webhooks that are shipped alongside your operator. To this end, the [ClusterServiceVersion resource](/docs/Concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion) includes a [WebhookDefinition object](https://github.com/operator-framework/api/blob/master/pkg/operators/v1alpha1/clusterserviceversion_types.go#L164-L180) which can be used to define validating and mutating admission webhooks that will be shipped with the operator. For your convenience, an example of a Validating WebhookDefinition can be seen below:

...

When developing an [admission webhook](/docs/reference/admission-webhooks) that will be managed by OLM you should consider the following constraints:

...
"

Author: Addressed in the latest version of the PR.

> OLM's ClusterServiceVersion resource was recently updated to include a [WebhookDefinition object](https://github.com/operator-framework/api/blob/master/pkg/operators/v1alpha1/clusterserviceversion_types.go#L164-L180) which can be used to define validating and mutating admission webhooks that will be shipped with the operator. For your convenience, an example of a Validating WebhookDefinition can be seen below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [ClusterServiceVersion resource](/docs/Concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)  includes a [WebhookDefinition object](https://github.com/operator-framework/api/blob/master/pkg/operators/v1alpha1/clusterserviceversion_types.go#L164-L180) which can be used to define validating and mutating admission webhooks that will be shipped with the operator.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterServiceVersion
metadata:
  annotations:
    description: |-
      An example CSV that contains a webhook
  name: example-webhook.v1.0.0
  namespace: placeholder
spec:
  webhookdefinitions:
  - name: example.webhpok.com
    type: ValidatingAdmissionWebhook
    deploymentName: "example-webhook-deployment"
    containerPort: 443
    sideEffects: "None"
    failurePolicy: "Ignore"
    admissionReviewVersions:
    - "v1"
    - "v1beta1"
    rules:
    - operations:
      - "CREATE"
      apiGroups:
      - ""
      apiVersions:
      - "v1"
      resources:
      - "configmaps"

>     selector:

Reviewer 3: Should be `objectSelector`.

      foo: bar
    webhookPath: "/validate"
...
...
...
```

> As you can see, the WebhookDescription object contains a union of the fields defined in the AdmissionWebhook and ValidatingWebhook Kubernetes objects with the exception of the NamespaceSelector, which is generated by OLM to match namespaces scoped by the [OperatorGroup](./operator-scoping.md) that the operator is deployed in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WebhookDescription object contains a union of the fields defined in the AdmissionWebhook and ValidatingWebhook Kubernetes objects with the exception of the NamespaceSelector, which is generated by OLM to match namespaces scoped by the [OperatorGroup](./operator-scoping.md) that the operator is deployed in.
```

OLM requires that you define the following:

> - The `Type` field must be set to `ValidatingWebhook` or `MutatingWebhook` or the CSV will fail to install as expected.

Reviewer: How will it fail?
